These are in no particular order --- edit/add as you see fit!

PROTOCOL FEATURES

1. The "Room List" operation should parse the /messenger/config.txt file from gay.com. We need to hide as much as possible 
the "real" channel names (Like #557 is Sacramento). As the room list is generated, it should automatically display the 
multiple rooms associated with a locale, so that the user can select one. The user should have the option of adding EITHER 
the #xxx=* room, OR a particular #xxx=x room, to the buddy list. 

2. Profile retreival needs to be implemented. This should be fairly simple, and whoever does this should come up with a  
basic, but useful mini-profile to display in the info window.


4. Bio Line display in Join/Parts (room window). This should be easy. 

5. Turning Join/part messages on and off. 

6. Thumbnails via buddy icons. 

7. gay.com buddy list integration. An option to "auto-add" NOTIFY buddies.

8. chatclient buddy list import option built in.

9. Cleaning up of login code. The login process is pretty involved, and there are a lot of places for it to fail. Error 
reporting needs to be incorporated for all steps! This was mainly Jason L.'s fault for not including it as he went 
along... so it's probably his job to do this ;-)

10. Split-phase operation notifiers. For example.... if you click to join a channel, there may be a delay if, for example, 
the buddy list is updating. This is NOT acceptable from a UI standpoint, since feedback should occur as soon as possible. 
So, we need to incorporate notification dialogs for these operations, to give the user instant feedback. 


NON PROTOCOL FEATURES (Probably a "gaym++" plugin that provides these features.)

1. Bio Line display in chat window.

2. Thumbnail in "chat" windows for selected user. Again -- this will need to be a separate plugin, since it will require 
gtk-specific code (most likely)

3. Room namelist sorting -- another non-proto option. I'm not even sure if a plugin can affect this, based on the way it 
seems to be implemented :( Might end up being a wish on gaim.sourceforge.net. Or I'll just write a damned patch myself.

4. "Extended" profiles -- get the entire profile "meat" without all of the gay.com advertising and bric-a-brac.




